---
title: Delete Rows or Columns
---

# Delete Rows or Columns

## Function Description

:::tip 
Delete specified rows or columns from the data table
:::

## Configuration Item Description

### General

**Command Input**

- **Print Component Output Variable Value**`Boolean`: Check to output the variable data or value generated by the component during runtime, and print it to the console log.

- **Preview in Data Table**`Boolean`: Preview in Data Table

- **Column Numbers to Delete**`array of Integer`: Supports single or multiple columns, example: [1], [1,2,3]

- **Row Numbers to Delete**`array of Integer`: Supports single or multiple rows, example: [1], [1,2,3]

- **Columns to Delete**`array of string`: Supports single or multiple columns, example: ['A'], ['A','B','C']

- **Rows to Delete**`array of string`: Supports single or multiple rows, example: ['1'], ['1','2','3']. The default row name is the first element of each row in the data table.

- **Delete Rows/Columns**`Integer`: Delete Rows/Columns

- **Deletion Method**`Integer`: Row names and column names are specific headers in the data table. Row numbers and column numbers are integer row and column indices in the data table.

- **Data Table Object**`TDataTable`: The variable returned by the 'Create Data Table' component can be used here.


**Command Output**

- **Result after Deletion**`TDataTable`: The data table after deleting rows/columns.


**Command Output**

### Error Handling

- **Print Error Logs**`Boolean`: Whether to print error logs to the "Logs" panel when the command fails. Default is checked. 

- **Handling Method**`Integer`:

    - **Terminate Process**: If the command fails, terminate the process.

    - **Ignore Exception and Continue Execution**: If the command fails, ignore the exception and continue the process.

    - **Retry This Command**: If the command fails, retry the command a specified number of times with a specified interval between retries.

## Usage Example

Process logic description:

## Common Errors and Handling

None

## Frequently Asked Questions

None

