---
title: Modify Row and Column Names
---

# Modify Row and Column Names

## Function Description

:::tip 
Modify the row and column names of a data table
:::

## Configuration Item Description

### General

**Command Input**

- **Print Component Output Variable Value**`Boolean`: Check to output the variable data or value generated by the component during runtime, and print it to the console log.

- **Preview in Data Table**`Boolean`: Preview in Data Table

- **Modify Column Names**`string`: Enter the original column name and the new column name

- **Modify Row Names**`string`: Enter the original row name and the new row name

- **New Column Names**`array of Variant`: Enter a list with the same length as the original column names. If left empty, the original column names will not be modified.

- **New Row Names**`array of Variant`: Enter a list with the same length as the original row names. If left empty, the original row names will not be modified. The default row name is the first element of each row in the data table.

- **Modification Method**`Integer`: Supports modifying all header names of the data table at once or only part of them.

- **Data Table Object**`TDataTable`: The variable returned by the 'Create Data Table' component can be used here.


**Command Output**

- **Modification Result**`TDataTable`: The data table after modifying row and column names


### Error Handling

- **Print Error Logs**`Boolean`: Whether to print error logs to the "Logs" panel when the command fails. Default is checked. 

- **Handling Method**`Integer`:

    - **Terminate Process**: If the command fails, terminate the process.

    - **Ignore Exception and Continue Execution**: If the command fails, ignore the exception and continue the process.

    - **Retry This Command**: If the command fails, retry the command a specified number of times with a specified interval between retries.

## Usage Example

Process logic description:

## Common Errors and Handling

None

## Frequently Asked Questions

None

