---
title: Read Data From Table
---

# Read Data From Table

## Function Description

:::tip 
Read partial data from the data table
:::

## Configuration Item Description

### General

**Command Input**

- **Print Component's Output Variable Value**`Boolean`: After checking, the variable data or value generated by the component during operation will be output and printed to the console log.

- **Result to List**`Boolean`: If not checked, the reading result will be input into the dataFrame object; if checked, it will be output as a list.

- **Column Number Expression**`string`: Column Number Expression

- **Row Number Expression**`string`: Row Number Expression

- **Ending Column Number**`Integer`: The column number is a positive integer.

- **Beginning Column Number**`Integer`: The column number is a positive integer.

- **Ending Row Number**`Integer`: The row number is a positive integer.

- **Beginning Row Number**`Integer`: The row number is a positive integer.

- **Column Name Expression**`string`: Column Name Expression

- **Row Name Expression**`string`: The default row name is the first position of each row in the data table.

- **Ending Column Name**`string`: Ending Column Name

- **Beginning Column Name**`string`: Beginning Column Name

- **Ending Row Name**`string`: The default row name is the first position of each row in the data table.

- **Beginning Row Name**`string`: The default row name is the first position of each row in the data table.

- **Select Area**`Integer`: Advanced mode supports inputting an expression, for example: rows 1 to 10 can be entered as 1:10, multiple rows can be entered as [1,3,5], row 2 to the last row can be entered as 2:, row 2 to the second-to-last row can be entered as 2:-2, rows a to b can be entered as "a":"b", columns A to D can be entered as "A":"D".

- **Specified Column Number**`Integer`: The column number is a positive integer.

- **Specified Row Number**`Integer`: The row number is a positive integer.

- **Specified Column Name**`string`: Specified Column Name

- **Specified Row Name**`string`: The default row name is the first position of each row in the data table.

- **Column Number**`Integer`: The column number is a positive integer.

- **Row Number**`Integer`: The row number is a positive integer.

- **Column Name**`string`: Enter the label of the data table column.

- **Row Name**`string`: The default row name is the first position of each row in the data table.

- **Reading Area**`Integer`: Select to read data by specified row name, column name, or by specified row number, column number.

- **Reading Method**`Integer`: Choose to read data by specified row name, column name, or by specified row number, column number.

- **Data Table Object**`TDataTable`: The variable returned by the 'Create Data Table' component can be used.


**Command Output**

- **Save Read Result To (List)**`TList<String>`: Save Read Result To (List)

- **Save Read Result To**`TDataTable`: Save Read Result To


**Command Output**

### Error Handling

- **Print Error Logs**`Boolean`: Whether to print error logs to the "Logs" panel when the command fails. Default is checked. 

- **Handling Method**`Integer`:

    - **Terminate Process**: If the command fails, terminate the process.

    - **Ignore Exception and Continue Execution**: If the command fails, ignore the exception and continue the process.

    - **Retry This Command**: If the command fails, retry the command a specified number of times with a specified interval between retries.

## Usage Example

Process logic description:

## Common Errors and Handling

None

## Frequently Asked Questions

None

