---
title: Generate Pivot Table
---

# Generate Pivot Table

## Function Description

:::tip 
Generate a pivot table from the data table based on specified row fields, column fields, and value fields.
:::

## Configuration Item Description

### General

**Command Input**

- **Print Component Output Variable Value`Boolean`**: When checked, the variable data or value generated by the component will be output and printed to the console output log.

- **Preview in Data Table`Boolean`**: Preview in Data Table

- **Fill Missing Values`string`**: Please enter the fill value for missing values.

- **Value Field Settings`string`**: Set the value field and the type of value aggregation calculation.

- **Column Field List`string`**: Specify the column labels for the pivot table by entering the original column names of the data table. Example: ['Position', 'Age']

- **Row Field List`string`**: Specify the row labels for the pivot table by entering the original column names of the data table. Example: ['Company', 'Employee']

- **Data Table Object`TDataTable`**: You can use the variable returned by the 'Create Data Table' component.


**Command Output**

- **Pivot Table`TDataTable`**: Used to store the generated pivot table.


**Command Output**

### Error Handling

- **Print Error Logs**`Boolean`: Whether to print error logs to the "Logs" panel when the command fails. Default is checked. 

- **Handling Method**`Integer`:

    - **Terminate Process**: If the command fails, terminate the process.

    - **Ignore Exception and Continue Execution**: If the command fails, ignore the exception and continue the process.

    - **Retry This Command**: If the command fails, retry the command a specified number of times with a specified interval between retries.

## Usage Example

Process logic description:

## Common Errors and Handling

None

## Frequently Asked Questions

None

