---
title: Insert Data
---

# Insert Data

## Function Description

:::tip 
Insert a row or column of data at a specified position in the data table. If the inserted data is empty, an empty row or column will be inserted.
:::

## Configuration Item Description

### General

**Command Input**

- **Print the output variable value of the component`Boolean`**: After checking, the variable data or value generated by the component during operation will be output and printed to the console log.

- **Preview in Data Table`Boolean`**: Preview in Data Table

- **Content to Insert`string`**: Allow empty, empty list, or a list consistent with the original data table length.

- **Insert Data Column Name`string`**: Enter the column name of the inserted data, which can be empty.

- **Insertion Position Column Number`Integer`**: Enter the column sequence number where the insertion position is located. Supports 1 or -1, -n indicates the nth column from the end.

- **Insertion Position Column Name`string`**: Enter the label of the column where the insertion position is located.

- **Insertion Position Row Number`Integer`**: Enter the row sequence number where the insertion position is located. Supports 1 or -1, -n indicates the nth row from the end.

- **Insertion Position Row Name`string`**: Enter the label of the row where the insertion position is located. The default row name is the first position of each row in the data table.

- **Insert Row/Column`Integer`**: Insert data at the specified row or column

- **Insert Method`Integer`**: Row name, column name refers to the specified header in the data table. Row number, column number refers to the row sequence number and column sequence number in the data table, which is an integer.

- **Data Table Object`TDataTable`**: The variable returned by the 'Create Data Table' component can be used.


**Command Output**

- **Result after Inserting`TDataTable`**: The data table after inserting data.


**Command Output**

### Error Handling

- **Print Error Logs**`Boolean`: Whether to print error logs to the "Logs" panel when the command fails. Default is checked. 

- **Handling Method**`Integer`:

    - **Terminate Process**: If the command fails, terminate the process.

    - **Ignore Exception and Continue Execution**: If the command fails, ignore the exception and continue the process.

    - **Retry This Command**: If the command fails, retry the command a specified number of times with a specified interval between retries.

## Usage Example

Process logic description:

## Common Errors and Handling

None

## Frequently Asked Questions

None

