---
title: Splice Two Columns of Data
---

# Splice Two Columns of Data

## Function Description

:::tip 
Concatenate two columns of data using a specified delimiter to form a new column.
:::

## Configuration Item Description

### General

**Command Input**

- **Output Variable Value of Print Component`Boolean`**: When checked, the variable data or value generated by the component will be output and printed in the console log.

- **Preview in Data Table`Boolean`**: Preview in Data Table

- **New Column Name`string`**: The name of the new column after concatenation. If left empty, the column name will also be concatenated.

- **Delimiter`string`**: Input the delimiter used for concatenating the two columns of data. If left empty, the columns will be concatenated directly.

- **Second Column Number to Concatenate`Integer`**: Input the number of the second column to concatenate.

- **First Column Number to Concatenate`Integer`**: Input the number of the first column to concatenate.

- **Second Column to Concatenate`string`**: Input the name of the second column to concatenate.

- **First Column to Concatenate`string`**: Input the name of the first column to concatenate.

- **Concatenation Method`Integer`**: Select the concatenation method.

- **Data Table Object`TDataTable`**: You can use the variable returned by the 'Create Data Table' component.


**Command Output**

- **Concatenated Data`TDataTable`**: Concatenate two columns of data using the specified delimiter to form a new column.


**Command Output**

### Error Handling

- **Print Error Logs**`Boolean`: Whether to print error logs to the "Logs" panel when the command fails. Default is checked. 

- **Handling Method**`Integer`:

    - **Terminate Process**: If the command fails, terminate the process.

    - **Ignore Exception and Continue Execution**: If the command fails, ignore the exception and continue the process.

    - **Retry This Command**: If the command fails, retry the command a specified number of times with a specified interval between retries.

## Usage Example

Process logic description:

## Common Errors and Handling

None

## Frequently Asked Questions

None

