---
title: Two-column Operation
---

# Two-column Operation

## Function Description

:::tip 
Perform addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division on the specified two columns of the data table and save the result to a new column.
:::

## Configuration Item Description

### General

**Command Input**

- **Print Component Output Variable Value`Boolean`**: When checked, the variable data or value generated by the component will be output and printed to the console output log.

- **Preview in Data Table`Boolean`**: Preview in Data Table

- **Result Column Name`string`**: Specify the name of the new result column.

- **Specified Data Type`Integer`**: Specify the data type of the calculation result.

- **Column Name 2 for Operation`string`**: Specify the column name for the operation.

- **Operator`Integer`**: Select the operator.

- **Column Name 1 for Operation`string`**: Specify the column name for the operation.

- **Data Table Object`TDataTable`**: You can use the variable returned by the 'Create Data Table' component.


**Command Output**

- **Post-operation Data`TDataTable`**: Used to store the data table after the operation.


**Command Output**

### Error Handling

- **Print Error Logs**`Boolean`: Whether to print error logs to the "Logs" panel when the command fails. Default is checked. 

- **Handling Method**`Integer`:

    - **Terminate Process**: If the command fails, terminate the process.

    - **Ignore Exception and Continue Execution**: If the command fails, ignore the exception and continue the process.

    - **Retry This Command**: If the command fails, retry the command a specified number of times with a specified interval between retries.

## Usage Example

Process logic description:

## Common Errors and Handling

None

## Frequently Asked Questions

None

