---
title: Write to File
---

# Write to File

## Function Description

:::tip 
Write the data table to an Excel or CSV file
:::

## Configuration Item Description

### General

**Command Input**

- **Print Component's Output Variable Value`Boolean`**: After checking, the variable data or variable value generated by the component will be output and printed to the console log output.

- **Sheet Name`string`**: Supports Sheet name, Sheet index, default empty will write to the first Sheet.

- **File Path`string`**: .xls extension files only support overwriting input, and other Sheet data will be lost. If you want to retain other Sheet data, please convert the file suffix to .xlsx.

- **File Format`Integer`**: Supports exporting the data table to an Excel or CSV file.

- **Data Table Object`TDataTable`**: You can use the variable returned by the 'Create Data Table' component.


**Command Output**

- **Path After Writing`string`**: Output the path after successful writing.

### Advanced

- **Write Column Labels`Boolean`**: Write the column labels (column headers) from the data into the file.

- **Write Row Labels`Boolean`**: Write the row labels (row headers) from the data into the file.


**Command Output**

### Error Handling

- **Print Error Logs**`Boolean`: Whether to print error logs to the "Logs" panel when the command fails. Default is checked. 

- **Handling Method**`Integer`:

    - **Terminate Process**: If the command fails, terminate the process.

    - **Ignore Exception and Continue Execution**: If the command fails, ignore the exception and continue the process.

    - **Retry This Command**: If the command fails, retry the command a specified number of times with a specified interval between retries.

## Usage Example

Process logic description:

## Common Errors and Handling

None

## Frequently Asked Questions

None

