---
title: Write Data to Table
---

# Write Data to Table

## Function Description

:::tip 
Write data to the specified row and column of the data table
:::

## Configuration Item Description

### General

**Command Input**

- **Print the output variable value of the component**`Boolean`: After checking, the variable data or value generated by the component during operation will be output and printed to the console log.

- **Preview in Data Table**`Boolean`: Preview in Data Table

- **Content to Write**`array of Variant`: Enter a string for cell write area, enter a list for row or column write area

- **Column Number**`Integer`: Column Number

- **Row Number**`Integer`: Row Number

- **Column Name**`string`: Column Name

- **Row Name**`string`: The default row name is the first position of each row in the data table

- **Write Area**`Integer`: Choose to read data by specified row name, column name, or by specified row number, column number.

- **Write Method**`Integer`: Choose to read data by specified row name, column name, or by specified row number, column number.

- **Data Table Object**`TDataTable`: The variable returned by the 'Create Data Table' component can be used.


**Command Output**

- **Result after Writing**`TDataTable`: Output the data table after successful data writing.


**Command Output**

### Error Handling

- **Print Error Logs**`Boolean`: Whether to print error logs to the "Logs" panel when the command fails. Default is checked. 

- **Handling Method**`Integer`:

    - **Terminate Process**: If the command fails, terminate the process.

    - **Ignore Exception and Continue Execution**: If the command fails, ignore the exception and continue the process.

    - **Retry This Command**: If the command fails, retry the command a specified number of times with a specified interval between retries.

## Usage Example

Process logic description:

## Common Errors and Handling

None

## Frequently Asked Questions

None

